Hey
Does it depend on what's going on today? It's all here.
I checked the order
There are no suspicious figures in the venue
Then according to the violation of the collective surname
Dry ticket hit you hi
Why did you save me?
Your leader has appeared
You have no intelligence value now
What do you say, I see.
Do you think I can get a good price for it?
To sell me to a place like 5 days
You won't even let me be yours
That what what that
Your imagination is too rich
But as a reward for showing me the way
As long as you don't do anything to me today
I will always protect you
How about for the sake of saving me?
Trust you for once
Hey, everyone, be quiet first.
Thank you to everyone from Jinghai for visiting Aolong Group
Signing ceremony with Baihao Group
I, Sun Baitian, represent Baihao Group
Here's to Miss Gao and everyone
Let's raise a glass together
Cheers. Let's make some money
Ok everyone please take a seat
So I'll just give you a moment.
After our bilateral contract is completed
Our prom can start
What is Nada Jiro waiting for?
He's here for maps
This contract is almost over, but he still doesn't do it
I didn't get the order.
But Jiro Ueda is good at using poison
As expected of poison
You are poisonous
This guy is waiting for everyone to drink the celebration wine
Please fucking two ghosts represent today's cooperation
Hey Mr. Cai Tian
Today is the cooperation between Aolong and Baihao Group
Like with you
Dongren Group has no business relationship, right?
Cai Tianci Lang
If you interfere with the invasion ritual again
I'm going to ask you out.
Just this
I want the cars from your two companies
Because all the guests present
You have to pay a hundred million protection fee
What right do you have?